Existing System
The existing profile matching schemes aim to connect users who have common attributes or subject of interest. Many MSN applications require connecting users who do not only have a subject of interest but also a fine grained topic of interest. Using the existing profile matching
schemes in these application is not efficient because a user may need to contact multiple users who have a subject of interest until he finds a user who has a topic of interest, and since topics are fine-grained it is not efficient to assign a secret key to each topic and connect users based on topic of interest instead of a subject of interest.
The existing profile matching schemes have to be run between two users who share a secret related to an attribute of interest. Each user should prove the knowledge of a secret key to the other user without revealing the secret. Unlike these schemes, a privacy-preserving connection policy is proposed in the centralized scheme to enable a server (a third party) to connect the users who have the same policy without knowing any information about the
subjects/attributes or the relevant secrets. 
We have also proposed a novel technique that uses Bloom filters encrypted by kNN-based encryption scheme to efficiently encrypt a large number of fine-grained data, reduce the communication overhead, and enable the server to check whether a requested topic is in the list of topics of the other users with efficient storage and search time and without knowing any information about the topics to preserve privacy. To keep the false positive of the Bloom
filter under a certain threshold as the number of topics increases, two novel techniques to store the topics in the filter are proposed and investigated.
Extensive analysis and evaluations are given to the proposed schemes. The performance of the centralized scheme was evaluated by implementing the scheme on a real server. Several performance metrics have been proposed in the decentralized scheme and we have demonstrated that the performance can be determined by properly designing the filters.
